Update documentation for the charm (#87)
canonical/digest-squid-auth-helper: docs/index.md

> A [Juju](https://juju.is/) subordinate [charm](https://juju.is/docs/olm/charmed-operators) for the [Squid Reverseproxy charm](https://charmhub.io/squid-reverseproxy) that enables digest or basic authentication using squid-auth-helper relation.

Reviewer: The link looks broken, maybe this one?
```suggestion
A [Juju](https://juju.is/) subordinate [charm](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/juju/3.6/reference/charm/#subordinate-charm) for the [Squid Reverseproxy charm](https://charmhub.io/squid-reverseproxy) that enables digest or basic authentication using squid-auth-helper relation.
```
